Timestamp: [28/04/2025, 04:46] 

Tags: #conflict #grief #self-loathing 

Now that I realise, a few of the primary needs I have from a romantic partner are validation of my misery and willingness to act as an infinite landfill for my existential frustration, tiredness and self-hatred. Preferably them taking joy from the act to retain their own peace of mind. But to think about it, it is unjust as this will only act as a burden on the other person and maybe cause their own emotional collapse. From the standpoint of conformity and correctness, my desire is invalid. I inherently wish to cause destruction of the other, which is wrong. My fundamental desires are invalid, but I can not give up on this seemingly perfect dream either. This compulsive pursuit of correctness only consumes me more and more. That I must conform and erase the desires. Every time I face it, my stomach clenches up. I feel my very existence challenged. The more I question this, the more I come to realise how wrong it is for me to even exist. I do not wish to live if all I am to face is inability to forgive my own existence and seeing my desires all stomped by the instructions, scriptures and myself. I am driven by my desires, if my very desires and longings are to be chastised as if they are mistakes made by a toddler, I wish to not exist. This world denies my needs, I forgive the world for that. But I will not forgive myself, ever. The world of mine, to me, for me, from me, consisting of me, I and I only, is a mistake. I am a mistake. My very existence is wrong. I should not be allowed to exist. I will not give up on my desires before deities, scriptures, cults or internet cultures. I wish to die in denial. The more I concern myself about this matter, the more I feel that I am subconsciously tearing myself apart. The more I think about this, the more I come to realise how much 'bad' my very existence is. How much of a mistake, a nuisance I am. How good it would have been if this mistake were never born. How good it would have been if I never got to see the light of the world due to some miscarriage. Why am I so fundamentally wrong? Why do I need to conform? Why do I- . Someone, set me free. There is no need for my longings to be even validated, let alone fulfilled by even a miniscule margin. But I wish for death as compensation. Or am I that much of a failure that I do not deserve death? I must have failed myself completely.

Even now I am typing this to use my conflict as some mere content. When will my soul be put at rest? Where will I find solace? I believe I'll simply have to face this insufferable existence another 40-50 years with only my equally despicable shadow and all the regret, frustration, self-loathing and hopelessness beside me. Maybe soon I will just subconsciously shift to spirituality and maybe laugh at my current mutterings then. That is how meaningless my misery is. Maybe it is the same for everyone. All I do is whine about this weak nonsense and yearn for ceasing to exist. I hope I do not wake up ever again after falling asleep. If I do, I will yet again pose as the proof of invalidity of my perceived misery.
