Timestamp: [04/05/2025, 00:57]

Tags: #self-explanatory

Please take care of yourself.
I don't know for how long I'll be able to remain sane.
I usually don't come to whine about my puny inconveniences in front of you as I don't feel like it. Many reasons can be speculated.
I am sorry if I quit the play of life without a notice.
You must be very disturbed while reading this. My sources and analysis say that you will, to some extent.
Do not become like me. You must be hiding some immense misery, I feel. Acceptable that you want to keep it to yourself, bringing it out may simply make matters worse. But when opportunity comes, no matter what your mood or mentality be, listen to the rational voice, even if faint, to utilise the opportunity of betterment.
Detachment is hell to what extent I practice it. It gives me cognitive dissonance. Even my relationship with you guys has become a matter of conflict.
Everything is in conflict. Everything is conflict.
What I have been experiencing the whole day, I wish none to face this. At the end of the day, one side of mine wants to only give and forgive. It hates no one, only cares for everyone. Cares for all of you.
I am an embarrassment to be whining about such self-related inconvenient nonsense. I am weak and disgusting. There is no requirement for listing words to indicate my self-hatred. It would just be clutter filling up the chat.
Nothing you say will go through me.
I am sorry to add up to your terrible fate.
But the silence, resilience and manic-depression cycle is tearing me apart.
I will not go get myself therapy.
You are free to force me in whatever approach you wish to — physical and psychological. I think after reading this you'd feel rather reluctant to suggest me therapy anyway.
I will delete this all the moment I wake up.
I may be a different person, or may not exist anymore by tomorrow.
I feel ashamed to whine in front of you, you'll probably be distressed. Then there's this part telling me that you'd immediately spit on the phone. That part of me wants you to insult me to the depths of hell and throw me away like some drawing paper where you messed up some important details and now you're furious and you just crumple it. I want everyone to do that to me.
I am so tired of these voices, monologues, imaginary scenarios. Everyone's shouting at each other. Everyone's right and everyone's wrong. This feels like a talk show of a bunch of hyper-political 50 year olds.
I feel as if I'm connected to you guys by a thin thread. I can snap it at will and be free of all concern, but it will be permanent. I have become so terribly inhuman.
I feel so disposable and neglected. Such a whiny bitch I am. Craving for love, admiration, understanding, warmth and shit.
What I actually should be craving for is jumping off a building on some metal fence so the rods impale me and my despicable existence is over.
I don't even think I'm unlovable or something like that. I'm sure I can get into some healthy relationship in the future and fulfill my longings. I just don't want to forgive myself.
And in fact, I will never forgive myself.
There is no mistake, no crime, but also no forgiveness.
Simply remember that I, from the bottom of my heart, care about all of you guys. Regardless of being dead or alive, close or detached, some part of me will always root for you, and the rest, the whole world. I may stop showing it at some point or suppress it enough to make myself completely ignorant of its existence, but it will forever be there. My care for all of you and best wishes. This is not out of some longing or expectation of reciprocation, this is the message from my pure unfiltered conscience.
This craving of mine to be heard is so nauseating. I should delete this all filth of messages down from the sewers. I should delete myself.
I'm mastering detachment, slowly. Just if I can find some way to eliminate the primal instinct of avoiding injuries, I will definitely kill myself. I hope continuous misery eliminates it. Every time my body gives up earlier than my mind when I try to destroy the conscience.
I will find a way. After that, everything will be fine.
Take care of yourself. I'm always here for help.
Goodnight. I'll go sleep too, although I don't feel sleepy at all.
NEET is doomed lol. I don't wanna be a doctor anyway. I'll try to pull off something in CUET. Hopefully.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry I'll possibly be there to reply to the messages.
Don't wait for me.
Do what I can't do when you finally can, get help. Misery is not a matter to be compared. My expressiveness, this weakness, doesn't make it superior. Small or big, help is out there.
